---
layout: page
title:  "About"
date:   2013-12-16 09:00:00
description: This page tells you about what Curatur does, describes how we communicate with clients, and gives a rundown of the team members.
categories: meta
---

*Cūrātur* is Latin for "is taken care of" or "we've got it". We want you to
know that our team has got your back.

Curatur, LLC develops applications for businesses with a focus on delivering
high-quality software through close collaboration with our clients. Our
dedication to our craft can be seen in our focus on our clients' requirements
and in the effort we put into making our software maintainable well into the
future.

## Our Team

<h2 id="damon">
  Damon Davison - <em>Managing Director and Team Lead</em>
  <div class="social-media">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/damondavison"><i class="fa fa-linkedin-square"></i></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fcuratur.com%2F&region=follow_link&screen_name=wynmaestro&tw_p=followbutton&variant=2.0"><i class="fa fa-twitter-square"></i></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/allolex"><i class="fa fa-github-square"></i></a>
  </div>
</h2>

<aside>
  <img src="/images/damon.jpg" alt="Damon portrait" style="width: 100%" />
</aside>

<section>

  <div markdown="1">

Damon has been working with web technologies for many years. A former academic
and CTO in the music business, he has gained industry experience in many
different areas, but has been focusing exclusively on web and mobile
technologies for the last several years. 

He is deeply involved in the South Florida tech community and organizes the
[Broward Ruby Brigade](http://meetup.broward-rb.org) and [Rails Girls South
Florida](http://meetup.railsgirls-sfl.org). You may also find him at events
supporting women in technology or at Code for Fort Lauderdale and Code for
Miami hack days.

Damon is fluent in a number of European languages, including English, German,
French, Spanish and Italian.

  </div>
</section>

<h2 id="jose">
  José Fernández - <em>Software Developer</em>
  <div class="social-media">

    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseworkstech"><i class="fa fa-linkedin-square"></i></a>
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fcuratur.com%2F&region=follow_link&screen_name=joseworkstech&tw_p=followbutton&variant=2.0"><i class="fa fa-twitter-square"></i></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Joseworks"><i class="fa fa-github-square"></i></a>
  </div>
</h2>

<aside>
  <img src="/images/jose.jpg" alt="José portrait" style="width: 100%" />
</aside>

<section>
  <div markdown="1">

With a background in Telecommunications and Electronics Engineering and many
years teaching Calculus in public schools, José offers experience well beyond
software development.  Upon successful completion of independent coursework on
Machine Learning and Pattern Recognition, he gained experience in modeling
classification problems.

An advocate of Agile Development and Best Practices, he strives to deliver high
quality code with reliable results.

José is an active participant in the South Florida tech community, and has
taken part in Hack and Tell, Makers Fair, as well as volunteering at the
Boynton Beach Hacklab, Boynton Coders, and the Broward Ruby Brigade.

José is fluent in both English and Spanish.

  </div>
</section>



