pages/contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title:  "Reach Out"
date:   2013-12-16 09:00:00
description: This is the contact page with telephone number, email and social media links including Twitter, Facebook, GitHub and LinkedIn.
categories: meta
---

## Email or call.

<div class="contact-methods">
  <a href="mailto:hello@curatur.com"><i class="fa fa-envelope"></i> hello@curatur.com</a>
  <a title="press to dial" href="tel:+19548955048"><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +1 954 895 5048</a>
</div>

## Drop us a line.

<form id="contact" accept-charset="UTF-8" action="https://formkeep.com/f/5d8631ff3021" method="POST">
  <input type="hidden" name="utf8" value="✓">
  <div class="field">
    <input type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your Email">
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your Name">
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <textarea rows="5" cols="30" name="message" placeholder="Your Message">
    </textarea>
  </div>
  <div class="actions">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>

## Follow us.

<div class="contact-methods">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fcuratur.com%2F&region=follow_link&screen_name=curatur&tw_p=followbutton&variant=2.0"><i class="fa fa-twitter"></i> @curatur</a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/curatur/"><i class="fa fa-linkedin"></i> linkedin.com/company/curatur</a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Curatur/300338723453259"><i class="fa fa-facebook"></i> facebook.com</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/curatur"><i class="fa fa-github"></i> github.com/curatur</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add information about Fort Lauderdale location

pages/contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title:  "Reach Out"
date:   2013-12-16 09:00:00
description: We are located in Fort Lauderdale in sunny South Florida. Get in touch to arrange a meeting to discuss your requirements.
categories: meta
---

We are located in sunny Fort Lauderdale, Florida and are within easy reach of the Palm Beaches and Miami.

## Email or call.

<div class="contact-methods">
  <a href="mailto:hello@curatur.com"><i class="fa fa-envelope"></i> hello@curatur.com</a>
  <a title="press to dial" href="tel:+19548955048"><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +1 954 895 5048</a>
</div>

## Drop us a line.

<form id="contact" accept-charset="UTF-8" action="https://formkeep.com/f/5d8631ff3021" method="POST">
  <input type="hidden" name="utf8" value="✓">
  <div class="field">
    <input type="email" name="email" placeholder="Your Email">
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <input type="text" name="name" placeholder="Your Name">
  </div>
  <div class="field">
    <textarea rows="5" cols="30" name="message" placeholder="Your Message">
    </textarea>
  </div>
  <div class="actions">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>

## Follow us.

<div class="contact-methods">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fcuratur.com%2F&region=follow_link&screen_name=curatur&tw_p=followbutton&variant=2.0"><i class="fa fa-twitter"></i> @curatur</a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/curatur/"><i class="fa fa-linkedin"></i> linkedin.com/company/curatur</a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/Curatur/300338723453259"><i class="fa fa-facebook"></i> facebook.com</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/curatur"><i class="fa fa-github"></i> github.com/curatur</a>
</div>
